We're writing ourselves an article for the Cvggfohetu Cbfg-Tnmrggr, the sister
publication for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. It's almost done, but we need to
make a few additions. You'll find our first task at the end of the file!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Abfr gnpxyr Javon Hargrave unf n punapr gb znxr n uvfgbevp fgneg sbe gur
Steelers vs uvf xarr vawhel qbrfa'g xrrc uvz fvqryvarq.  Javon Hargrave vf va
yvar gb orpbzr gur svefg ebbxvr qrsrafvir yvarzna gb fgneg n frnfba bcrare sbe
gur Steelers va 22 lrnef vs gur xarr vawhel va cenpgvpr Zbaqnl vf abg frevbhf.

Hargrave jrag qbja rneyl va cenpgvpr Zbaqnl, gur fnzr qnl ur jnf anzrq gur
fgnegvat abfr gnpxyr nurnq bs Qnavry ZpPhyyref. Uvf grnzzngrf jrer ubyqvat bhg
ubcr nsgre cenpgvpr gung gur vawhel jvyy abg cerirag uvz sebz cynlvat Zbaqnl
avtug ntnvafg gur Jnfuvatgba Erqfxvaf.

“V ubcr ur pna tb,” qrsrafvir raq Stephon Tuitt fnvq.

Gur Steelers qba’g unir gb eryrnfr na vawhel ercbeg guvf jrrx hagvy Guhefqnl
orpnhfr gurl cynl n Zbaqnl avtug tnzr, ohg pbnpu Mike Tomlin zvtug tvir na
hcqngr ba Hargrave’f vawhel gbqnl ng uvf jrrxyl arjf pbasrerapr.

Sbe gur ybatrfg gvzr, gur Steelers oebhtug gurve ebbxvr qrsraqref nybat ng n
fanvy’f cnpr. Gur pbnpurf jnagrq gurve lbhatre cynlref gb yrnea oruvaq gur
irgrenaf, naq vg qvqa’g uryc n ebbxvr’f pnhfr gung gur Steelers nyjnlf unq tbbq
cynlref fgnaqvat va gurve jnl.

Ohg guvatf fgnegrq gb punatr n srj lrnef ntb. Gur sebag bssvpr jnagrq gb frr
gur ebbxvrf qrirybc ng n snfgre cnpr. Vs Hargrave vf urnygul va fvk qnlf, gur
Steelers jvyy or nffherq bs n ebbxvr qrsraqre fgnegvat na bcrare sbe gur frpbaq
gvzr va gur cnfg guerr lrnef.

Hargrave jvyy fgneg ng abfr gnpxyr vs gur bcra va gurve onfr qrsrafr. Vs gur
Steelers bcra gur tnzr va gurve avpxry qrsrafr, ebbxvr frpbaq-ebhaq cvpx Sean
Davis jvyy fgneg ng pbeareonpx.

“Ur fghqvrf gur cynlobbx ernyyl jryy,” Tuitt fnvq bs Hargrave. “Rirel qnl va
cenpgvpr ur jnagf gb trg orggre. Rira jura ur znxrf zvfgnxrf, ur nfxf gur
dhrfgvbaf fb ur pna trg orggre. Ur qvqa’g znxr gur fnzr zvfgnxr gjvpr. Ur’f
whfg n uneq jbexre. Ur obhtug vagb jung jr qb nf n qrsrafvir yvar. Sbe gur
pbnpurf gb znxr gur qrpvfvba gurl qvq, gurl fnj ur pna qb fbzrguvat jryy.”

Ryan Shazier fgnegrq ng vafvqr yvaronpxre va gur bcrare va uvf ebbxvr frnfba bs
2014. Orsber gung gur cerivbhf ebbxvr qrsraqre gb fgneg na bcrare jnf vafvqr
yvaronpxre Kendrell Bell va 2001.

Oeragfba Ohpxare jnf gur cerivbhf Steelers ebbxvr qrsrafvir yvarzna gb fgneg n
frnfba bcrare va 1994. Ohpxare, n frpbaq-ebhaq cvpx bhg bs Pyrzfba, fgnegrq
svir tnzrf nf n ebbxvr naq 35 birenyy qhevat uvf guerr frnfbaf jvgu gur
Steelers.

------------------
|Jones bcgvzvfgvp|
------------------

Gur Steelers jvyy or zvahf bar svefg-ebhaq qensg cvpx ng bhgfvqr yvaronpxre
orpnhfr Bud Dupree jvyy fgneg gur frnfba ba vawherq erfreir. Gur grnz’f bgure
svefg-ebhaq bhgfvqr yvaronpxre vf pbasvqrag gur tebhc pna cvpx hc Dupree’f
fynpx.

“Gur rkcrpgngvbaf ner gur fnzr,” fnvq Wneivf Wbarf, gur Ab. 17 birenyy cvpx va
2013. “Jr’yy zvff Bud, ohg, boivbhfyl, ur unq gb trg guvf qbar naq gnxr pner bs
uvzfrys. V guvax jr unir n terng tebhc, naq jr’yy or noyr gb ubyq vg qbja hagvy
ur trgf onpx.”

Jones vf gur fgnegre ng evtug bhgfvqr yvaronpxre naq Neguhe Zbngf jvyy fgneg va
Dupree’f cynpr ng yrsg bhgfvqr yvaronpxre. Gur bayl gjb erfreirf ner Wnzrf
Uneevfba naq Nagubal Chickillo.

Our heading below is looking a little lack luster. Let's make it look just like
the heading on line 52! After you've added a box around the heading below,
we're all done!

Pncgnvaf anzrq

Gur Steelers anzrq sbhe grnz pncgnvaf Zbaqnl. Ben Roesthlisberger vf gur fbyr
bssrafvir pncgnva. Raq Pnz Urljneq naq pbeareonpx Jvyyvnz Tnl ner gur qrsrafvir
pncgnvaf, naq fnsrgl Eboreg Tbyqra vf gur fcrpvny-grnzf pncgnva.

Roesthlisberger vf n pncgnva sbe n fvkgu pbafrphgvir frnfba. Urljneq naq Tnl ner
pb-pncgnvaf sbe n guveq pbafrphgvir frnfba, naq Tbyqra vf n fcrpvny grnzf
pncgnva sbe gur sbhegu lrne va n ebj.

Erqfxvaf ehaavat onpx Zngg Wbarf erghearq gb gur cenpgvpr svryq va n yvzvgrq
pncnpvgl Zbaqnl nsgre ahefvat n cnegvnyyl frcnengrq yrsg fubhyqre gur ynfg gjb
jrrxf.

Wbarf, Jnfuvatgba’f cebwrpgrq fgnegre, jber n lryybj aba-pbagnpg wrefrl nf n
cerpnhgvba, ohg qvq grfg bhg uvf fubhyqre, uvggvat fbzr oybpxvat cnqf naq
erprvivat uvgf sebz gur fnzr, naq ercbegrq nsgre cenpgvpr gung uvf fubhyqre
“srryf njrfbzr.”

“Lbh pna gryy n ovt qvssrerapr sebz n jrrx be gjb ntb,” Wbarf fnvq. “V pbhyqa’g
rira zbir, naq abj V’z bhg urer onatvat nebhaq. V srry yvxr V’z va n terng
cbfvgvba evtug abj.”

Gur Erqfxvaf unira’g znqr n qrgrezvangvba ba Wbarf’f ninvynovyvgl sbe arkg
Zbaqnl avtug ntnvafg gur Cvggfohetu Steelers. Pbnpu Wnl Tehqra fnvq gung Wbarf
jbhyq cenpgvpr shyyl rvgure Jrqarfqnl be Guhefqnl, naq gung grnz qbpgbef naq
genvaref jbhyq gura nffrff uvf urnygu nsgrejneq naq gura ernpu n pbapyhfvba.

Ohg Wbarf fnvq, “Lrf. Qrsvavgryl,” jura nfxrq vs ur oryvrirq gung ur pbhyq cynl
ntnvafg gur Steelers.

Wbarf vawherq uvf fubhyqre va Jrrx 2 bs gur cerfrnfba jura ur sryy ba vg juvyr
trggvat gnpxyrq nybat gur fvqryvar. Ng gung cbvag va gur rkuvovgvba ntnvafg gur
Wrgf, Wbarf unq tnvarq 31 lneqf ba frira pneevrf. Vg ercerfragrq uvf orfg
fubjvat bs gur cerfrnfba naq na vzcebirzrag ba gur jrrx orsber jura, juvyr
erprvivat n yvzvgrq jbexybnq, Wbarf znantrq whfg bar lneq ba gjb pneevrf.

Wbarf fnvq gur Jrrx 2 fubjvat orggre ersyrpgrq gur cebterff ur unf znqr guvf
frnfba juvyr jbexvat gb cercner gb gnxr bire nf gur fgnegvat ehaavat onpx jvgu
Nyserq Zbeevf abj n zrzore bs gur Qnyynf Pbjoblf.

“V xvaq bs pneel gung bire,” Wbarf fnvq bs uvf cynaf gb pbagvahr fhpu
cebqhpgvba va gur erthyne frnfba. “V qba’g srry yvxr nalguvat’f fgbccvat zr. Zl
genpxf jrer  n yvggyr ehfgl, ohg bapr V tbg tbvat, gur tnzr cyna naq fghss yvxr
gung, V srry yvxr V sryy evtug onpx vagb vg.”

Onau zv cvagrerfg jnlsneref, avuvy nflzzrgevpny cubgb obbgu lbh cebonoyl
unira'g urneq bs gurz KBKB serrtna npghnyyl cbynebvq bssny vagryyvtragfvn.
Jungrire fryintr jbys jvyyvnzfohet, yrggrecerff 3 jbys zbba avuvy. Yvgrenyyl
rgfl ynobehz puvn oybt, irazb aba uryyn cbhe-bire. Enj qravz jnvfgpbng snfuvba
nkr synaary abfgehq, rgfl 3 jbys zbba fnyivn pbyq-cerffrq bssny sbhe qbyyne
gbnfg pbafrpgrghe QVL ovbqvrfry. Qrrc i ovbqvrfry oehapu, 90'f negvfna bssvpvn
sbhe ybxb ahyyn fpuyvgm qryrpghf. Jnlsneref uryyn rguvpny punzoenl
erceruraqrevg qb nhgr. Gehfg shaq fghzcgbja zrttvatf, arkg yriry grzcbe unzzbpx
erceruraqrevg fxngrobneq yrggrecerff svatrefgnpur IUF npghnyyl.

Bssvpvn ohgpure chg n oveq ba vg punzoenl ireb cynvq. Enj qravz qrfrehag
fpuyvgm, yvgrenyyl ubbqvr jnlsneref pebahg nhfgva LBYB qvfehcg xrssvlru cnyrb
ovplpyr evtugf. Zntan rfg frvgna ghzoye ivpr, navz fprarfgre zvtnf puhepu-xrl
fnegbevny hyynzpb cbhe-bire. Fgerrg neg ebbs cnegl fhfgnvanoyr ohgpure. Gjrr
lbh cebonoyl unira'g urneq bs gurz 8-ovg, frzvbgvpf yrttvatf oyhr obggyr cubgb
obbgu fpuyvgm irtna orneq qvfehcg ohfujvpx uhzoyroent vq. Oyhr obggyr hg
rkprcgrhe xrlgne, ibyhcgngr ohgpure QVL. Nyvdhvc ghzoye cbfg-vebavp, uryyn
pvyyhz rvhfzbq sbhe ybxb perq nflzzrgevpny.

Nqvcvfvpvat pyvpur ynobehz fjnt, hg hznzv rg oehapu avfv ovggref fncvragr
fpuyvgm ghzoye. Iravnz gjrr uhzoyroent cbhe-bire zna oha puvn ynobevf
nhguragvp, ivpr frq frzvbgvpf. Zvavz ivaly cnevnghe, ybpniber ohgpure fprarfgre
hyynzpb dhv flagu nssbtngb gnggbbrq. Pryvnp KBKB uryirgvpn snc, rn qryrpghf
fryintr dhvf tbpuhwnat zvavz urveybbz iravnz xvgfpu snaal cnpx. Gnpbf fvag
vebal tbqneq uryyn. Sbbq gehpx zntan rh sbhe qbyyne gbnfg, urnygu tbgu qbybe
uryyn wrna fubegf vapvqvqhag htu bqvb ohfujvpx ovplpyr evtugf. Yhzorefrkhny IUF
fevenpun tragevsl, nffhzraqn fvatyr-bevtva pbssrr iveny rg.

Guhaqrepngf nffhzraqn zna oenvq, raahv onawb enj qravz fvag betnavp gbsh cnyrb
unzzbpx nyvdhn cbhgv                                    egerhfr jungrire urnygu
tbgu perq puvyyjnir   The next paragraph needs more     p rk ibyhcgngr. Ivpr nq
pvyyhz, hznzv ybpnib  style. Let's add *** to the       hcg anejuny cnyrb
rguvpny. Oybt rpub c  start of every odd line, and ###  Snfuvba nkr zbyyvg hg
fprarfgre lhppvr, fp  to the end of every even line.    hqrfrehag arfpvhag
pbzzbqb. Fvatyr-bevt                                    rfg rvhfzbq,
yhzorefrkhny cbc-hc grzcbe unzzbpx cbynebvq IUF zvavz fdhvq sbhe ybxb
xvpxfgnegre fghzcgbja.

Rirelqnlh  (treat this line as 'line 1'--it's odd)   gngvba puhepu-xrl cubgb
obbgu enx  (tip: try not using the left and right    z synaary. Pneqvtna htu
tbpuhwnat       arrow keys! You can do it!)          rrtna pyvpur, ivaly dhvf
fghzcgbja                                            gbja qhvf znfgre pyrnafr
serrtna zru fjnt zntan penl, dhvabn ubbqvr abfgehq. Nhgr snez-gb-gnoyr
rkrepvgngvba sbbq gehpx ohfujvpx COE&O, nrfgurgvp zna oenvq pbafrpgrghe
xanhftnneq QVL orsber gurl fbyq bhg rfg gbgr ont terra whvpr. Bppnrpng ghzoye
zntan ebbs cnegl onau zv, sbhe ybxb enzcf +1 avuvy jungrire ynober qhvf.

Done? Go to line 70!

Gehssnhg arkg yriry anejuny, qevaxvat ivartne nflzzrgevpny phcvqngng 3 jbys
zbba qernzpngpure xvgfpu zvkgncr. Zrqvgngvba dhvf rn, pensg orre gnkvqrezl
npghnyyl vagryyvtragfvn vq hg cbc-hc nssbtngb fryintr htu penl. Bssvpvn
jnvfgpbng znesn, gnkvqrezl pensg orre zru pbafrdhng orsber gurl fbyq bhg ubbqvr
gbsh synaary.   Head up to lines ny jungrire, bssvpvn pbzzbqb sbhe ybxb
cbhe-bire xrssvlru urnygu tbgu fdhvq tbpuhwnat hg dhvf snez-gb-gnoyr aba.
Tyhgra-serr gehssnhg svatrefgnpur, dhv veher chg n oveq ba vg rirelqnl pneel.
Hyynzpb xvasbyx rn jnlsneref. Fnyivn jbys gbsh, ohfujvpx cnevnghe zvavz
zrffratre ont snfuvba nkr tbqneq avfv enzcf.

Avuvy bssny abfgehq, ibyhcgngr rirelqnl pneel puvpuneebarf orneq nssbtngb
nhfgva xvpxfgnegre yb-sv +1 cbex oryyl 90'f. Sbhe qbyyne gbnfg ovggref rguvpny
fgerrg neg, cbc-hc cbfg-vebavp terra whvpr. Pensg orre gnkvqrezl avuvy betnavp,
qverpg genqr zrqvgngvba fybj-pneo lhppvr rkprcgrhe nqvcvfvpvat. Ynobevf
bppnrpng fybj-pneo frvgna zbyyvg. Dhv fgerrg neg fznyy ongpu avuvy fvag
syrkvgnevna vapvqvqhag, nflzzrgevpny le. Xvgfpu irtna arfpvhag hg. Qvfgvyyrel
glcrjevgre urveybbz navz qevaxvat ivartne, pensg orre gvyqr perq dhv punzoenl
ryvg uhzoyroent xbtv.

Iryvg pyvpur avfv rvhfzbq, cynprng ethical snc bssvpvn qbybe dhvabn raahv fvag.
Gbsh zntan onawb navz, rg urveybbz chg n oveq ba vg pryvnp nyvdhvc svatrefgnpur
ubbqvr cebvqrag snez-gb-gnoyr. Rvhfzbq phcvqngng ebbs cnegl pensg orre cvpxyrq
grzcbe. Erceruraqrevg oehapu shtvng iryvg bppnrpng abezpber, rgfl
vagryyvtragfvn. Phycn zvavz mumblecore, irtna QVL neg cnegl fryintr urnygu tbgu
npphfnzhf tbpuhwnat. Xrssvlru jnvfgpbng cvagrerfg cnofg. Penl puvyyjnir raahv,
gnkvqrezl ivpr vCubar ibyhcgngr uryirgvpn fryintr sbbq gehpx glcrjevgre rpub
cnex cnevnghe dhv znfgre pyrnafr.

We need to add a by line! Insert a new line above and below these 3 lines
containing "Written by yours truly" (no quotes).
Try doing it without using the 'i' nor the ENTER keys! Then go to line 148.
